welcome back to the LEGO Club show hi
I'm Josh Wexler I'm one of the producers
of Lego Atlantis and I'm here to tell
you a little bit about how we made the
movie one of the first questions that I
was asked was how do we make Lego
Atlantis into a 3d movie well oddly
enough we actually started as a 2d movie
but we start the process essentially
with designing what the shots look like
on paper so artists still use pencils
and crayons and markers to kind of
create the look of the movie
and define what every shot looks like
from there it's brought into the
computer and the assets are modeled as
you see returning to 2d geometry and we
begin the animation process but to turn
it into stereoscopic 3d we actually use
two virtual cameras in the computer one
for the left eye and one for the right
eye to essentially mimic the way that
your eyes work and we create two images
that look at the scene from two slightly
different angles basically and when
those two scenes are sandwiched together
and you look at them through either
polarized glasses or the red and blue
anaglyph glasses like you might have on
your computer
it basically tricks your brain into the
perception of creating depth and that
gives you the 3d effect my favorite
effect on the film definitely has to be
the reveal of all the submarines that
our heroes just built and when the ramp
opens up to the Neptune and they all
come flying out you know we did a big 3d
moment there and if you're watching
Atlantis on your computer or in the
movie theater and you see those
submarines come out they literally come
right off the screen and right through
you know your glasses that's my favorite
effect on the show I'd have to say that
the most challenging thing on this movie
was setting almost the entire picture
underwater we had to figure out ways to
create computer-generated underwater
environment that not only looked like
our characters were in the water but
also sort of felt true to the lego
Atlantis world so we have to ultimately
give you a sense of true depth in that
these guys work deeper than 35
and feet under the ocean searching for
the lost city of Atlantis we did that
through a number of things by adding
particles in the water by slowing down
the way the characters actually move
throughout their environment through a
lot of the bubble effects and even
things they say there's a sound design
they'll give you a clue or the hints
that your underwater
really helps ultimately sell it that was
probably the most challenging thing that
we had to deal with I can honestly say
the best part about working on any lego
production of course is playing with
Lego and building you know Lego toys and
creating new scenery and things like
that for our movie and working with the
guys at the Lego company that is without
a doubt the best part of working on any
Lego production including Atlantis
because we get to play with Lego toys
and how can you beat that stay tuned to
LEGO Club com for more from this super
awesome episode of the LEGO Club show